Speaking of copying ideas, this is
Crypto Talk and Blockchain Walk.
>> All right, let's start walking.
>> We're with Grammah.
What are you up to today?
>> Today?
>> Today's Today's Day one. Let's just see.
Yeah, day one. So, today mostly just
chilling the scavenger hunt. I have a
scavenger hunt here at Denver.
>> What's it called?
>> Uh little quest eth Denver edition. This
is the third one. We did one in
Buenocitis last year and then at Farcon
the year uh earlier in the year. Uh so
we take all the gatherings and learnings
from all those like past two and
incorporate into this one. So we have a
people that collect uh it's like local
landmarks of Denver. I interview people
try and figure out what are like common
places that should be some certain
themes. So like marijuana is one of
them. Uh we just had to unfortunately
>> I mean it's this was the was was this
the first state to legalize? It was that
was part of it too. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly.
Um so yeah uh we have that scavenger
hunt. Uh if you collect all the
locations you could get some money. Uh
but then on top of that you know we also
have uh just like a content creator
track. So if you don't want to do all of
them you can just take pictures
of you
doing onchain activities
>> through the little scavenger. through
the little scavenger head
>> because you're also your colleagues, I
guess we could call them, were also
doing like content creation tracks.
>> Correct. Correct. Yeah.
>> Um,
>> so when did the scavenger hunt kick off?
Was it like earlier this week?
>> Yeah, today.
>> It kicked off last Thursday. So for
people that showed up to ETH Boulder,
they uh could participate. Yeah.
>> And it goes through for another week. So
you have about two weeks total. Uh, so
that gives you time to
>> enjoy the conference, but also get out
there and go to locations or take
pictures, you know, just be a tourist.
Like that's kind of the whole goal is
like you you get to travel to all these
locations
uh for crypto, but you never get to
enjoy the like, you know, the local
location. So I know you stayed up behind
a little bit in Buenocidis.
>> Yeah. So that's kind of the goal is get
you out there and
>> buomposit.
So mostly focused on that, but also just
this is also my first ETH Denver, so I
don't know if that's like a
>> Dude, what?
>> Yeah, first one.
>> Oh my god. Shame GMA.
>> I know.
>> Shame.
>> Yeah. So,
>> I can give you uh I can give you
feedback on like first thoughts, first
impressions here on that.
>> It's kind of unfair because today's day
one.
>> Yes.
>> Um I guess maybe we could do a little
bit of that.
>> Yeah. Have you? This has always been my
local event, so I always have like uh
rosecolored glasses on when people talk
about it. So, I'm always like, Denver's
the best event ever.
>> But if you've never been to any, why did
you never come to any and what made you
want to come now?
>> Uh well, I'm pretty much like I self
fund everything, so this is not local to
me, but it is close. I'm from
California.
>> Yes, sir.
>> Uh at least compared to like flying a
Buenositis, like that's definitely more
of a of a mission. Um,
>> but you like spent time there as well.
>> Yeah, I spent time there. Yeah. Um,
yeah. I don't know why I didn't come
before. I've been to Bitcoin conferences
before. I've been to other types of
conferences, but uh like Monero. Um, but
yeah, I don't know why I never came
here.
>> Um, but I'm happy to be here and it's
the venue is like really cool. Um, like
>> my first year here.
>> Yeah. Like that's when I got to walk by
the old venue and I'm like, man, this
building is like a lot newer and nicer.
So, um, so it's kind of cool. It's
surreal from that perspective. I think
as a person that does content as well on
not just like one specific chain like
Ethereum, but like all types of chains.
Yeah, I should have came sooner. I don't
know why I didn't come cuz I think
that's one of the major complaints of
this conference is, you know, it's
called ETH Denver, but there's a lot
more chains than just ETH here. Um, but
as a person that is in the ETH maxi,
like that actually works well for me.
though.
>> Yeah. It feels like maybe 2 or 3 years
ago, this became like a multi-chain kind
of conference.
>> Which always to me was funny because we
win when there's more chains.
>> Yeah.
>> That's the thesis of decentralization.
You don't want everything happening on
one chain.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Competition. It's good to
specialize in certain chains. So, you
know, we have Tempo now specializing in
stable coins. So, we'll see how that
goes out. Even Even they're here now.
And they accepted the they hired the
Farcaster guys, too. So they got part of
the Merkel team there,
>> dude. Heyo.
>> Good. Good. Doing a little interview.
>> We'll swing by later.
>> Stand with Crypto represent.
>> Are you a member of Stand with Crypto?
>> Uh, no, I'm not, but uh I have like
their pins and like I I'm supportive
overall of like the mission that they
do. I should become a member though. But
>> um Cool, man. So, like what are you here
from like an artistic perspective? Like
what do you think of the culmination of
the art community and like bringing like
fun chill vibes on chain? Do you feel
that here? Is it a strong force?
>> Uh it's lacking a little bit, but but
it's not too bad. You know, like I have
zero context again, so I heard it's a
little bit better or maybe about the
same as previous uh years. Um, but it's
also not NFTTNYC, you know, like I'm not
expecting it,
>> you know, like it's in the name like
when you go to NFTYC, you're expecting,
you know, JPEGs and and all that, you
know. Um, I think like from uh it's good
to see like I know um the hyper
communities here, so like the the cat
PFP people uh so there's some there's
some parties and people here that are
like NFT based communities. So, they're
here, but you know, definitely not as
heavy as you would see at a place like
uh NFT NYC.
>> Yeah. Yeah, totally.
>> Um, what else is standing out to you?
>> Um,
long coffee lines. We Yeah, you know,
>> ridiculous.
>> Ridiculous. You can look, you can
actually flash it in the back here.
>> Why? I think we have to
>> We're going to have to move. But right
behind me there's like huge That's for
matcha. There's even like one over there
for coffee, which is
>> Why are they doing cappuccino? Like just
give me drip coffee like into my veins.
>> Yeah, pretty much. Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes
you need that, you know? Like I don't
need Well, the crazy thing is too like
they're doing latte art like lasered
latte art. So like the matcha one has
like you know like it looks cool but
damn man it adds like an extra 15
seconds for a cup of coffee. So
>> I waited 25 minutes for a cup of coffee
and like I need more. I'm already like
fing.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. What about you, man? Like I said,
I'm assuming you've been here now what,
like five,
>> eight years. This is my eighth one.
>> Yeah. So, okay. You're an OG for sure.
You've been here more than most people.
What do you think about it? Like where
where's your brain at when you see this
and that right now?
>> Well, I mean like it's weird watching
this space grow way bigger than what the
original vision was.
>> Snacks.
>> Um,
>> I don't know. I feel like there was like
a certain magic that that happened here
that and that innocence was like lost as
it grew,
>> you know? But like at the same time,
this industry is just growing. It's no
longer like you and me and our friends
launching meme coins and hosting NFTTS
and things like that. Like
>> the decentralized social guys went to go
work on Tempo.
>> Yep. Yep. Yep. You know, we've got like
>> talking about forking like
>> caster forking, banks going on chain,
like Paul Atkins was here talking
earlier, the the chair of the SEC. So,
>> we're just kind of growing up and I
think ETH Denver's done that a little
bit.
>> Um,
>> I don't know, man. Like, I'm happy. I'm
just happy to be here,
>> honestly.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's
interesting, you know, in the sense that
like the market sentiment obviously is
like not the best right now. So, I feel
like the people that are here, I mean,
they're either working, like they're
being paid to be here, or it's cuz, you
know, they're here for the love of the
game, you know? Like,
>> do you feel the love of the game,
though, is I guess the question I want
to ask, cuz I feel as the years go on,
the love of the game a little bit less,
the the paid BD a little bit more, but
there's always been a good balance.
>> Yeah, I would agree. I mean, right now
it's it's tough, you know? Uh, you have
to look at like the silver lining of
things. So, I'm here just trying to
network with people, uh, find founders
that have interesting stories or
protocols and then, you know, trying to
get them on the podcast and, you know,
hopefully,
you know, that gets me through the bear
and gets all us through the bear. But,
yeah. Yeah, it is losing a little bit of
>> Oh, man. This is rough.
>> I mean, as you know, like doing a 100
episodes of a podcast like you've done
that like, dude, it's a grind. Like,
it's a it's a legit grind. So yeah, it's
just finding way new ways to motivate
you to keep going, you know. Uh I'm
approaching episode 50, so I'm like I'm
behind you.
>> Good job, dude.
>> But yeah, you know, like I'm just trying
to find new ways to to keep it going,
you know, momentum and all that. So
>> we were on uh you came on on our space
with the podcast Twitter page.
>> Yeah.
>> And when we were talking in Buenocidis
in November, you were you were trying to
figure out a way if there's like a
foothold to get a full-time job in the
industry.
>> Yes. Are you still looking to do that?
Are you feeling like progress is slow?
Is there hope?
>> Yeah, that's a great, you know, someone
asked me that already today, which is
kind of funny. Uh that that's like the
the What's up, man? Um how you doing,
man?
>> Good.
>> This guy right here, see,
>> look,
>> I met this guy just like uh yesterday
and we talked about Pokemon on chain for
like 40 minutes. It was great.
>> So, check this out. I went back to Five
Below today before I came in here.
>> You got more packs?
>> They let me buy them all.
>> They let you buy them all.
>> 130 packs of one piece, dude.
>> Six bucks a pack.
>> See? Well, he's asking me, "How do you
make it through the bear?" And I'm a
ripper, so I just open Pokemon packs.
That's what I do.
>> The cheapest you can find them online is
$15 for shipping. So, I got them all for
six bucks a piece.
>> [__] crazy, dude. Now, you got to
open at least one or two just to like
get that itch out, you know? I don't
have it. It's cuz I've never opened it.
>> This guy's smarter.
>> I encourage I encourage ripping. Rip.
Let's go.
>> He's like, "Rip them more.
>> Rip them all.
>> I'll see you later, man.
>> Good to see you."
>> Um, yeah, stuff like that. So, open
Pokemon packs, you know, do some live
openings, bringing that onchain, too.
So, like I'll digitize them with
Courtyard or some other platform.
>> Yeah. And I just have fun, you know,
like I try and find other ways to have
fun. But in terms of finding a job, uh,
yeah, I'm still on the hunt. We'll see
what happens. Uh, yeah, try to make it
happen. But, you know, for now, I'm
still in web 2 working away at a tech
company.
>> We got to get Gro out of the matrix.
>> Yeah. I mean, the crazy thing is
actually the parallels right now is
like, you know, tech companies are also
getting beat up like crazy, like crypto.
So, it seems like overall sentiment
across the board is just all down, you
know.
>> But, um, you know, this isn't our first
bear. This certainly isn't your first
pair. Um, does this feel any different
than any of the others or is it just
kind of like
>> stick it out, grind it out, and let's
go?
>> No, it does feel different in the sense
like I mean I think like what's helped
me like the reason why I kind of like
started leaning into making content was
it was like a form of expression during
the bad times. Uh, it was like something
to work on, something to like keep
getting better at. Um, but yeah, I would
say like the what what feels different
is mostly um the cycles feel like
shorter or like weirder, if that makes
sense. Like I feel like it used to be
like,
>> you know, like you had a pop and it was
clear it was like the the like, you
know, the tippy top and then out of
nowhere we were down for like 2 years.
Now it feels like, you know, we had like
a micro like mini pop then it went back
down and then we had like a AI pop. So
like banker was taking off like some of
these
>> clanker.
>> Yeah. like a bunch of these like AI
tokens.
>> Yeah, we're right here.
>> Thanks, B.
>> Thanks, Jesse. And Bessie is here, too.
>> I know. So, um, yes, it just feels
weird, but you know, it's all hindsight,
too. So,
>> totally.
>> And like maybe 3 years we'll be like,
"Yeah, of course that was the middle of
the bear." And you're you're a dumbass.
You didn't know that that was the bear.
But, uh, yeah, it's all easy to say it
in hindsight as always. So, what about
you? What do you think?
>> Uh,
>> I don't know. We didn't have we didn't
have our blowoff top and We're not
having a terrifying, tumultuous uh
bottom either
>> fall down like and this was always what
we thought was going to happen when the
institutions came.
>> True, true, true.
>> So, the prophecy has been foretold.
>> That's true. Yeah. Like it might just be
behaving the way we always thought it
was going to behave, which is
>> it is going a little bit like up and
down and even gold is behaving a little
bit like a meme coin sometimes, which is
kind of wild. U
>> but yeah, I don't I don't know if we'll
ever get back down. Who knows? you know,
it's all who really does know, but I
don't know if we'll ever get back to
like the 30,000 Bitcoin again.
>> One thing I do know though is that uh
the content creators stick through
through the thick and thin. You're on
episode 50, so
>> you ain't going anywhere.
>> Hopefully not. Yeah, hopefully not.
>> What's the best way that people can tune
in to what you're working on and listen
to what you're doing?
>> Yeah. Uh so podcast is on all major
platforms including YouTube. Uh it's
called behind the screen with Gaha.
Although I probably will be changing the
name on that. Just looking for a new
logo. Uh and then
newsletter. Uh that's just 0x uh gra
which is gr.
That's Twitter. Uh I have a noun sand
castle head. So not many of those. Uh
yeah. And I'm on X Telegram. I'm on
everything. Signal. If I really trust
you, I'm on Signal.
>> That should be the default, sir. Yeah,
>> honestly.
>> Yeah. Uh, yeah. Heavy on, you know,
crazy rabbit holes right now, which is
like P2P money, P2P tech. Uh, privacy is
always top of mind for me. Uh, AI
agents, of course. Uh, yeah, just find
me on X. That's where I'll be [__]
posting most of the time.
>> Nice. Last question. Is it Gramo or
Gramo?
>> Gramo. Yeah. Yeah, it's gramo. And then
if you're Well, you speak a little bit
of Spanish, so you can say it correctly.
Yeah. But there's people that'll be
like, they'll call me Grandma Joe and
I'm like, "It's all right. We We'll let
it slide. Grandma Joe."
>> Okay, Grandma Joe.
>> Thanks for the time, dude.
>> Thanks, man. Yeah.